CHEATSHEET.md, before:

# i3


- `<WIN+ENTER>`         - run URxvt
- `<WIN+SHIFT+q>`       - close current window in focus
- `<WIN+SHIFT+r>`       - reload i3
- `<WIN+SHIFT+c>`       - reload i3 configuration
- `<WIN+SHIFT+e>`       - end i3 session
- `<WIN+BACKSPACE>`     - show suspend/hibernate/shutdown menu

- `<WIN+LEFTARROW>` or `<WIN+h>`    - focus on window to the left
- `<WIN+DOWNARROW>` or `<WIN+j>`    - focus on window to the bottom
- `<WIN+UPARROW>` or `<WIN+k>`      - focus on window to the top
- `<WIN+RIGHTARROW>` or `<WIN+l>`   - focus on window to the right
- `<WIN+SHIFT+h>`                   - move window left
- `<WIN+SHIFT+j>`                   - move window down
- `<WIN+SHIFT+k>`                   - move window up
- `<WIN+SHIFT+l>`                   - move window right

- `<WIN+CTRL+h>` - split in horizontal orientation
- `<WIN+CTRL+v>` - split in vertical orientation


- `<WIN+d>`             - run dmenu (quicklaumcher)
- `<WIN+e>`             - switch to split layout / toggle vertical/horizontal window layout
- `<WIN+r>`             - resize mode (`<ESC>` to exit)
- `<WIN+s>`             - switch to stacked layout
- `<WIN+w>`             - switch to tabbed layout

- `<WIN+1>`     - switch to workspace 1 / terms
- `<WIN+2>`     - switch to workspace 2 / web
- `<WIN+3>`     - switch to workspace 3 / db
- `<WIN+4>`     - switch to workspace 4 / file_manager
- `<WIN+5>`     - switch to workspace 5 / mail
- `<WIN+6>`     - switch to workspace 6 / documents
- `<WIN+7>`     - switch to workspace 7 / mindmap
- `<WIN+8>`     - switch to workspace 8 
- `<WIN+9>`     - switch to workspace 9

- `<WIN+SHIFT+1>` - move container to workspace 1 / terms
- `<WIN+SHIFT+2>` - move container to workspace 2 / web
- `<WIN+SHIFT+3>` - move container to workspace 3 / db
- `<WIN+SHIFT+4>` - move container to workspace 4 / file_manager
- `<WIN+SHIFT+5>` - move container to workspace 5 / mail
- `<WIN+SHIFT+6>` - move container to workspace 6 / documents
- `<WIN+SHIFT+7>` - move container to workspace 7 / mindmap
- `<WIN+SHIFT+8>` - move container to workspace 8 
- `<WIN+SHIFT+9>` - move container to workspace 9 

- `<WIN+CTRL+SHIFT+l>` - lock window manager

## Resize mode

- `h` - shrink width
- `j` - grow height
- `k` - shrink height
- `l` - grow width

# URxvt

- `<CTRL+ALT+c>`    - copy
- `<CTRL+ALT+p>`    - paste
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+n>`  - new tab
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+k>`  - next tab
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+j>`  - previous tab
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+r>`  - rename tab
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+h>`  - move tab left
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+l>`  - move tab right

# fzf

- `<CTRL+t>`    - search for a file in the current directory and subdirectories
- `<CTRL+r>`    - search for an entry in the command history
- `<ALT+c>`     - select a subdirectory and make it your working directory

Commit message:

Improving your mouseless development environment

CHEATSHEET.md, after:

# i3

- '<CTRL+BACKSPACE>`    - show all desktop notifications

- `<WIN+ENTER>`         - run URxvt
- `<WIN+SHIFT+q>`       - close current window in focus
- `<WIN+SHIFT+r>`       - reload i3
- `<WIN+SHIFT+c>`       - reload i3 configuration
- `<WIN+SHIFT+e>`       - end i3 session
- `<WIN+BACKSPACE>`     - show suspend/hibernate/shutdown menu

- `<WIN+LEFTARROW>` or `<WIN+h>`    - focus on window to the left
- `<WIN+DOWNARROW>` or `<WIN+j>`    - focus on window to the bottom
- `<WIN+UPARROW>` or `<WIN+k>`      - focus on window to the top
- `<WIN+RIGHTARROW>` or `<WIN+l>`   - focus on window to the right
- `<WIN+SHIFT+h>`                   - move window left
- `<WIN+SHIFT+j>`                   - move window down
- `<WIN+SHIFT+k>`                   - move window up
- `<WIN+SHIFT+l>`                   - move window right

- `<WIN+CTRL+h>` - split in horizontal orientation - this tells i3 what to do with the next NEW window, so we need to press $mod+Enter to actually have it split
- `<WIN+CTRL+v>` - split in vertical orientation - this tells i3 what to do with the next NEW window, so we need to press $mod+Enter to actually have it split

- `<WIN+a>`             - Monitor resolution
- `<WIN+d>`             - run dmenu (quicklaumcher)
- `<WIN+e>`             - switch to split layout / toggle vertical/horizontal window layout
- `<WIN+r>`             - resize mode (`<ESC>` to exit)
- `<WIN+s>`             - switch to stacked layout
- `<WIN+w>`             - switch to tabbed layout
- `<WIN+x>`             - dismiss all desktop notifications 

- `<WIN+1>`     - switch to workspace 1 / terms
- `<WIN+2>`     - switch to workspace 2 / web
- `<WIN+3>`     - switch to workspace 3 / db
- `<WIN+4>`     - switch to workspace 4 / file_manager
- `<WIN+5>`     - switch to workspace 5 / mail
- `<WIN+6>`     - switch to workspace 6 / documents
- `<WIN+7>`     - switch to workspace 7 / mindmap
- `<WIN+8>`     - switch to workspace 8 
- `<WIN+9>`     - switch to workspace 9

- `<WIN+SHIFT+1>` - move container to workspace 1 / terms
- `<WIN+SHIFT+2>` - move container to workspace 2 / web
- `<WIN+SHIFT+3>` - move container to workspace 3 / db
- `<WIN+SHIFT+4>` - move container to workspace 4 / file_manager
- `<WIN+SHIFT+5>` - move container to workspace 5 / mail
- `<WIN+SHIFT+6>` - move container to workspace 6 / documents
- `<WIN+SHIFT+7>` - move container to workspace 7 / mindmap
- `<WIN+SHIFT+8>` - move container to workspace 8 
- `<WIN+SHIFT+9>` - move container to workspace 9 

- `<WIN+CTRL+SHIFT+l>` - lock window manager

## Resize mode

- `h` - shrink width
- `j` - grow height
- `k` - shrink height
- `l` - grow width

# URxvt

- `<CTRL+ALT+c>`    - copy
- `<CTRL+ALT+p>`    - paste
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+n>`  - new tab
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+k>`  - next tab
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+j>`  - previous tab
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+r>`  - rename tab
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+h>`  - move tab left
- `<CTRL+SHIFT+l>`  - move tab right

# fzf

- `<CTRL+t>`    - search for a file in the current directory and subdirectories
- `<CTRL+r>`    - search for an entry in the command history
- `<ALT+c>`     -
